Add repair section for cosmosdb restore (#825)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/backup-restore.md

You can follow the [azure official guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/restore-account-continuous-backup#restore-account-portal). After restoring backups. change the default consistencies of the restored databases to `STRONG`
It is recommended to use the mid-time of paused duration as a restore point as we explained earlier.

> ScalarDB tables use stored procedures of Cosmos DB for NoSQL. However, the PITR feature of Cosmos DB for NoSQL doesn't restore stored procedures. So, you must create stored procedures in all tables. You can do it using ScalarDB Schema Loader with the `--repair-all` flag. Please refer to the Schema Loader document [Repair tables](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/schema-loader.md#repair-tables).

Reviewer: It's not our issue, but `Cosmos DB for NoSQL` looks confusing when it's integrated into a sentence. (I was actually pretty confused when I first looked at the sentence.)
So, I think we can use only `Cosmos DB` when it makes sense.
(for example, we should say `Cosmos DB for NoSQL` as one of the supported databases, but we might be able to commit `for NoSQL` otherwise.)
```suggestion
ScalarDB implements the Cosmos DB adapter by using its stored procedures, which are installed when creating schemas with ScalarDB Schema Loader. However, the PITR feature of Cosmos DB doesn't restore stored procedures. So, you need to re-install the required stored procedures for all tables after restoration. You can do it using ScalarDB Schema Loader with the `--repair-all` option. Please refer to the Schema Loader document [Repair tables](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/schema-loader.md#repair-tables) for more details.
```

Author: @feeblefakie  
Thank you for your suggestion!
I applied it.

> So, I think we can use only Cosmos DB when it makes sense.
> (for example, we should say Cosmos DB for NoSQL as one of the supported databases, but we might be able to commit for NoSQL otherwise.)

I see. I understood.
I will omit `for NoSQL` if I can when I create/update some documents in the future.
